# Text2Ascii

This repository contains CvsClient.mod.cvs, which has been created by Pieter Muller on 25-Mar-2003 and stored in the SourceForge CVS repository of project [NativeOberon](https://sourceforge.net/projects/nativeoberon/) as ASCII output of itself. Its purpose is to support the storage of Oberon Text files in CVS, which was at that time the most common source code control system, by converting Text files to pure ASCII code. This is done by creating escape sequences for the non ASCII parts. The reason is that Oberon Text files are in no way pure ASCII texts. They have to be pure ASCII/UTF8 so that they can be handled easily by source code revision control systems. Oberon Textfiles may contain formatting, active elements (like running clocks or animated pictures), active plots, folds and many more things. These active elements are in general binary objects. Almost all sources of the Oberon System and the compiler were stored as Oberon Text files until around 2013/2015. I recovered CvsClient.mod.cvs from the CVS repository and transferred it to this place on 29-Dec-2020. There are only a hand full of places (i.e. in lines 1-3, 4, 430, 432, 447, 449, 559, 561, 948, and 950), where such escape sequences have to be removed manually to create a compilable source. I named the repository name Text2ASCII instead of CvsClient because I think that CvsClient obscures one important usage. There is more functionality in the code for using source code control systems in combination with Oberon, which I habe not yet discovered.

More info about the way the binary content is handled can be found in [CvsClient.Mod.cvs](https://github.com/btreut/Text2Ascii/blob/552be57e2324d2feb634ec2d930480953a6d2e29/CvsClient.Mod.cvs#L1012) after line 1012.
